Is this a hint that I'm staying the night?
That's not necessary.
How can I answer such a question?
It's getting late.
Madam, rest early.
Nangong Xian retired
I mean, the ancients were reserved?
Besides, you used to be a log
The weather is so cold, so you are not afraid of catching a cold when you wear it so little.
Wearing ancient clothes will turn sexual
I'll see how long you can play
Hello, are you there?
Here I am.
What are you doing?
Hey
Madam, why are you here?
I came to thank you for saving me before
You're welcome ma'am
If you have nothing to do, take a break
I want to save myself now
Then how can I help you?
Don't bother ma'am
I can do it myself.
Let me ask you a question.
Madam, ask me what's different from before